If you,
weren't already convinced that Carol Baskin from the hit Netflix TV show tiger
king is responsible for what happened to her, then husband, Don Lewis. Well,
by the end of this video,
you will be absolutely certain that she is responsible for his disappearance.
And by disappearance, let's be real.
We're talking about his murder because I did some digging and I couldn't believe
what I found. And in this video,
I'm going to share with you two separate examples of new information that was
not included in that show. That is so incredible.
It'll likely make your jaw drop. I'm not kidding. Now on this channel,
most of my videos are on ancient civilizations. However,
I've also discussed in different videos,
conspiracies ranging from JFK to Nikola Tesla and other
topics as well. In fact,
even some of my earliest videos on this channel involved making a murderer and
Blackfish.
So now that I've been cooped up in my house for the last few weeks with my dogs,
because of the ongoing coronavirus lockdowns, I just can't help myself.
But to make a video that exposes a real life murderer,
especially considering that Netflix is adding a brand new bonus episode to the
tiger king series, which airs tomorrow, Sunday, April 12th.
But before I share the bombshell new information, this would be real.
Most people are already convinced that Carol fuqing Baskins did it
just from watching episode three of that tiger king series.
Literally everyone in Don Lewis's entire life thinks that he was murdered
and Carol did it.
Even his own kids and his ex-wife are completely certain that Carol is involved.
In fact, that'd be quote, gladly Lewis, Don Lewis, his ex-wife, as she said,
the last day I saw Don. He told me that he was done,
that he was divorcing her.
And that Carol was one of the worst people he ever met in his life.
And that she was very dangerous. Even Don's old business associates,
Wendell Williams stated that the very last time he saw Don Lewis,
Don had told him that he was going to tell Carol that he wanted a divorce.
And when the went on to say that Don was preparing his estate and assets in such
a way that he could get a divorce from Carol without losing everything. In fact,
he said that he was,
or that it was his impression that Don fought that Carol was there only for the
purpose of getting his money, which was what Don was trying to protect.
And then boom, Don went missing forever. Think about that.
The very last time he saw him, that's what Don told him. And by the way,
that was even corroborated by Kenny Farr, who was Dawn's longtime handyman.
He said that Don was setting up for a divorce in a way that Carol would have
gotten nothing. She would have lost all the big cats been left with no money,
even losing the house and the car in the process.
So think about that after 16 years of marriage and being humiliated as Don
cheated on her left and right,
which no one denies and then to be left with absolutely nothing.
That sounds like potential motive to me.
And when you consider what Carol wrote in her own diary, which Joe exotic,
somehow got a copy of, which is pretty hilarious.
I'd like to know how we got that, but she did say, and I quote,
I listened while he told me that all of his money and everything he earned by
himself and brought into this marriage by himself was his.
And she went on to say that I wish there was some way out for me if
that's not suspicious enough, that me mentioned what Mark McCarthy,
who was another business associate of Don's stated that one month before Dawn's
disappearance,
Don had told him that he felt that his life was in danger Jesus.
And if that's not enough witnesses, look at what Anne McQueen stated,
who was Don's executive assistant,
who many considered to have been his most trusted person that Don knew as she
was literally in charge of all of his assets. And not only that,
he trusted her so much that she was his power of attorney.
If that's not trust, I don't know what it is,
but get this and stated that not long before he disappeared,
Don started to act funny. And the very last time that she saw Don alive,
he gave her an envelope that had a piece of paper in it.
And Don told her that she needed to take it home and keep it safe.
Adding that if anything ever happened to him,
she needed to give the envelope to the police. Well,
it turned out that inside that very envelope was a copy of a restraining order
that Don had filed on Carol Baskins barely two months before his disappearance,
the restraining order stated. And I quote,
this is the second time Carol has got angry enough to threaten,
to kill me going on to say that Carol got into a big fuss,
ordered me out of the house,
or she would kill me and adding at the end in parentheses,
she has an H five revolver and she took my 3 57 and hid it.
Don filed that restraining order in June and in August,
he went missing and was never seen or heard of again. Um,
wow. Right? And if that's not enough,
the fact that everyone had Don's life thinks that he was murdered and that Carol
did it. I didn't even mention the Don's old lawyer.
Joseph Fritz thinks that Don was indeed murdered. And if you watch the series,
it could not have been more obvious that he thinks Carol is the one who did it,
although he refused to say it. But again, if all of that isn't enough.
Let me now get to the two bombshells that I mentioned earlier,
which brings me back to the restraining order.
You may be shocked to hear that the restraining order,
the Don Lewis filed against Carol was not the only restraining order ever filed
against her. We all know that Carol is now married to good old Howard Baskin.
They met in 2002 and were married in 2004,
but before she met Howard, Carol had another boyfriend named Jay Bakel,
who lived with her. And in 2002, at the end of their relationship,
Jay filed a restraining order on Carol stating that he feared for his life.
That's right. And you can even see the police reports online for yourself.
In fact, I'll put a link in the description of this video.
Jay wrote that he was in fear of danger of serious bodily injury or death going
on to cite Carol's missing ex-husband who was presumed dead.
And that Carol was a suspect in that case,
Jay goes on to write that he asked Carol what happens when her missing
ex-husband Don shows back up and Carol replied dead bodies
can't talk, oh my Lord.
He even goes on to write that even Carol's daughter,
Jamie warned that Carol is dangerous and that he should watch his back.
And if all of that isn't crazy enough in the same paragraph,
he mentions that when human bones were found by the authorities behind some
local RV center,
Carol had said that she hopes the bones were not found on her property.
Otherwise she would be in deep. Now I looked up that RV center,
wondering if it neighbored her own property,
but it appears to be more than 25 miles away from big cat rescue.
That is unless the location moved in the last 20 years,
or if Carol wants owned property by this RV center, either way,
I'd be curious to know more from Jay, but isn't that nuts.
A second person who had an intimate relationship with Carol filed a restraining
order on her at a fear of their own life filed an actual police report went to
that extent. And one of who of which went missing forever,
that's what you would call a red flag. But if that's not enough,
then they go on to bombshell. Number two, as we know,
Caroletta husband before Don Lewis and his name is Michael Murdoch,
who she had a daughter with as well named Jamie, as I mentioned earlier,
it turns out that John Rankie who you'll recognize from tiger king is Joe exotic
zoo manager had an interview recently with David spade on his podcast.
And what he said,
may David Spade's jaw drop and I'm not going to lie what he said,
made my jaw drop as well. Cause I couldn't believe it.
He said in reference to Carol's husband, Don being missing that. And I quote,
she's missing a husband from before that too. She has a really deep past,
and there's some things that haven't come out yet in the episodes.
You can go and watch that interview yourself. In fact,
I've included a link to Spade's podcast for that video in the description,
but are you kidding me? Is that true?
Is Carol's first husband Michael Murdoch actually missing,
but this is a real question.
And it'll be interesting to see if this has mentioned in the brand new episode
that comes out tomorrow. But think about that. This guy right here,
look for yourself, guys. Michael Murdoch.
Does anybody know if this guy still exists?
Is this man alive?
Because he is one of three husbands that Carol has been married to.
And one of which is gone forever, obviously. So this guy,
is he still around? I mean, just think about all this, add it all together.
I have to ask is Carol Baskins a black widow.
This is a serious question. Is Carol basket of black widow? Think about it.
Hell Carol,
even referred to Don Lewis as venomous in her own diary
saying that she hopes that her daughter,
Jamie never finds herself in a sick and perverted relationship like that one.
Just think about that word. Venomous.
Have you ever used that word or do you know anyone that's ever used that word to
describe somebody? I mean, yeah. We have words like and you know,
manipulator, narcissists. That's a good one, you know,
but of all the words to call somebody venomous, it's kind of funny,
especially coming from a potential black widow. So again,
when you consider all the details provided by witnesses that knew Don,
including family,
multiple business associates and everyone else and how they all thought the
Carol killed them.
And when you consider the Carol had a second husband that's possibly missing and
the pattern of multiple lovers filing restraining orders on her,
you have to ask yourself what's really going on with her. And let me just say,
I do not think that Howard good old Howard Baskin is in any
immediate danger whatsoever because that's be honest.
And this is not meant to be mean,
but Howard is clearly a beta and something tells me that it's the
alphas that Carol doesn't like. I mean,
come on Don Lewis is clearly an alpha who probably slept with hundreds of women
or at least as many as he possibly could.
It seems like no one seems to deny that. And yeah,
so Carol despised him accordingly. I don't even blame her,
but when it comes to Howard, I think he's totally safe.
I don't think she would hurt a hair on his head and less he ever decides
to leave her because the thoughts of his submissive
beta love attention going to another woman.
Oh my,
that right there will probably be way too much for Carol to possibly handle.
And then she'll dust off that old missing 3 57 Magnum revolver.
And maybe she would give one to a good old Howard as well. Poor guy. I don't,
I think he thinks that she's totally innocent guys. I'm not going to lie.
He's just man, he's a victim as well.
But out of all of the things shared in this is I'm not a lawyer,
but is this not enough information to at least issue a new warrant to search her
property? I mean,
it would be a total crime for this investigation to just not go anywhere with
all the existing evidence that's there. I mean, this reminds me of OJ Simpson.
I mean, it couldn't be more obvious on who did it. So yeah,
it'll be interesting to see, but the good news is that law enforcement,
the sheriff in that area has said and reached out to the public saying that they
are looking for new tips and leads on this case. In fact,
Don's old lawyer who I mentioned earlier,
Joseph Fritz was recently interviewed since the series had aired and stated that
he would like to work with law enforcement and providing his knowledge to help
solve the case. So here's a question for law enforcement to ponder on.
Carol says that Don had simply had dementia and he wandered off. And by the way,
everyone that he knew says he did not have dementia.
At least from the research I found. But if that was the case,
if he was losing his mind and he had just wandered off and got lost,
as Carol had claimed,
then why did she wait two days to call the police when he was missing?
If your husband had dementia and he just got lost, you would wait two full days.
Doesn't add up. Does it now going on? Let me talk about Joe exotic.
I think there's a lot of things that could be said about this guy and he is
undoubtedly guilty of more than one thing,
but I would argue that although he's done some terrible evil things,
he's not necessarily an evil person at hearts. I mean,
he's certainly a next level egomaniac and a massive narcissist, no doubt,
but there is something to say about the way his big cats loved them.
And it's interesting that Joe never got mauled to death after all those decades
spent so closely to them or to him. And you know,
many cat people will tell you that felines have outstanding sense in
differentiating from good and bad people.
And I bet anything that if you put Carol into the same exact enclosures
with the same exact lions and tigers that Joe exotic interacted with,
I think that they would pounce on her immediately.
I think they'd go for her neck and I'm not kidding. I'd bet on it. You know,
Carol even claims that she's allergic to cats now,
but you know what something tells me.
She just says that as an excuse to not interact with any cats at all,
because they'd pounce on her. And I think she knows it. I could be wrong,
but Hey,
all I know is that she is one massive hypocrite at what she's done at big cat
animal rescue. Let's be real. Anyways, guys, I'm going to leave it at that.
I'm Jimmy and my channel's called bright insights and I'm excited to see the new
episode that comes out tomorrow. And I hope you guys will watch it too. I mean,
this show is so odd. It's so ridiculous.
But you could say that it's hilariously riveting.
There's something about it where it's like, well, I, I can't turn away.
I got to watch it. Um, but anyways guys,
I'm working on my other video a few weeks ago on Instagram.
I posted that I was working on a fun and thought provoking video when I was
almost done with it. But when the lockdowns went underway,
my routine got destroyed and my attention went elsewhere looking into COVID and
watching this fricking tiger king series and everything else.
And I kind of put pause on that, but the good news is that I'm almost done.
So expect that in about a week or so we can have maybe give or take,
but it's coming soon and it's very thought provoking and I know you guys will
enjoy it. And then after that,
I'm working on another video involving a potential coverup involving our ancient
past. So look forward to those videos and that's anything else comes up and the
headlines before that, I could always put something else in its place, but yeah,
I'll leave it at that again. I'm Jimmy channel's cup, right?
Insight hit the like button and subscribe. If you haven't and leave a comment,
share what your thoughts are on all of this. What do you think about Carol?
What do you think about Joe exotic and all the rest of this?
All I know is that this is a fun topic because it's a fricking television show
and something to keep our minds, uh, uh,
entertained while going through these lockdowns.
But I hope you're all doing well. I'll leave it at that. See all real soon,
take care, everybody.